Ha ha ha
Finland!
Yeah, our friend lives in Finland, Helsinki. So we visited.
Hey, it was... I think?
Northern Europe that I visited for the first time.
And it was so beautiful. It was amazing.
Yeah
Why not?
ha ha ha
Very nice. The house by the lake.
Because we went to the house by boat.
Yeah.
yeah both yeah because it's the island
ha ha ha
stuff we see people the other island
That's right.
oh Finland
They do have signature dishes, I think. They eat reindeer.
Well, we didn't. (***)
ha ha ha ha
Venison? Really? Deer.
I've had it whenever you when I was in Colorado
Mmm It was good.
So where is your favorite place?
ah  Really? What's there?
ha ha They're there.
ha ha
which house Oh, okay.
Your mother's side. Oh, I was thinking about Jujutsu. Okay.
oh okay
Mmm
Mm
Mm mm
he Was a  pastor brother ?
Oh, I thought he was a principal.
okay well  he was a pastor oh okay
huhmmm
Mm
mm
Oh, so OK.
yeah
Mmm
haaaaaa
So what was the most fascinating lesson that you've learned from your grandpa?
Yeah.
mm mm
Oh, okay.
Did he experience the World War II?   okay.
Mmm
keep in the faith.
Was he preaching when he was a principal too?
i (***)
Oh okay
I never met your grandparents.
oh okay
That's true. I see.
i